now here's a story that's all new at ten
we told you in October the Bowie High
School band would play in the macy's
thanksgiving day parade tonight they're
on the road headed for New York City CBS
42 s Ryan Lord is live tonight at the
high school where the buses just pulled
away Ryan and Ron the buses just left
moments ago literally from a high school
parking lot here the band will be
marching one week from today at the
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade this is a
biggest moment in the high school bands
history and the biggest highlight of the
students high school career it's the end
of a normal day like 30 second hero
devouring and preacher's daughter 20 on
it talking about typical high school
life like but band members can't contain
themselves they were picked as the only
band in Texas I know to march and he's
so excited in the Macy's Thanksgiving
Day Parade the word of the day is pumped
the kids have been so busy intense i
guess just um getting ready for
everything um hey guys y'all need help
with chairs they've hardly had a
moment's peace oh it's been probably
about six months getting ready with the
music and everything getting ready for
it and everything so yeah band leader
Bruce Dinkins been pretty hectic for the
last month says this is the biggest trip
to bens ever been on rooming list
housing list bus list I have a junior 16
and I have a freshman the massive
undertaking comes band moms you have
patience but take out a small loan who
know what sacrifice means I'm excited
the bus guys gonna be fun even though
it's in a smell I'll bring an air
freshener but today none of the daunting
details matter they know this will be
the trip I mean I sell my stuff of a
lifetime the band's first stop will be
in Tennessee then it's on to Washington
DC where several students will lay a
wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown
Soldier there'll be a new york city by
monday reporting live in south austin
Ryan Lloyd CBS 42 news in HD now the
students will still get their
Thanksgiving meal on
thursday night they'll be taking part in
a river cruise around the statue of
liberty